straw_rhub_hab_pie.md, before:

---
original_source:
tags: awardwinning
category: dessert
---

# Strawberry Rhubarb Habanero Pie

## Ingredients

- [ ] 2 cups sliced fresh rhubarb sliced
	* or 8 oz. frozen (half a bag)
- [ ] 2 cups sliced fresh strawberries halved
	* or 8 oz. frozen (half a bag)
- [ ] 1 habanero pepper minced
- [ ] 4 cups boiling water
- [ ] 1 1/2 cups sugar
- [ ] 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
- [ ] 1 teaspoon quick-cooking tapioca
- [ ] 1 egg
- [ ] 2 teaspoons cold water
- [ ] 1 double-crust pie crust (9 inches)
- [ ] 1 tablespoon butter or margarine

## Directions

- [ ] Toss the rhubarb and strawberries in a bowl and add the boiling water; set aside.
- [ ] In a bowl, combine sugar, flour, habanero, and tapioca; mix like it's going out of style.
- [ ] Add drained rhubarb and strawberries; toss to coat. Let stand for 15 minutes.
- [ ] Beat egg and water; add to rhubarb mixture and mix it up.
- [ ] Line a 9-in. pie plate with bottom pastry
- [ ] Add filling.
- [ ] Dot with butter.
- [ ] Cover with remaining pastry; flute edges.
- [ ] Cut slits in top crust.
- [ ] Bake at 400 degrees F for 15 minutes.
- [ ] Reduce heat to 350 degrees F
- [ ] bake 40-50 minutes longer or until crust is golden brown and filling is bubbly.
- [ ] Let stand for at least an hour
- [ ] Eat.

Commit message:

Updated instructions to partial pre bake the crust

straw_rhub_hab_pie.md, after:

---
original_source:
tags: awardwinning
category: dessert
---

# Strawberry Rhubarb Habanero Pie

## Ingredients

- [ ] 2 cups sliced fresh rhubarb sliced
	* or 8 oz. frozen (half a bag)
- [ ] 2 cups sliced fresh strawberries halved
	* or 8 oz. frozen (half a bag)
- [ ] 1 habanero pepper minced
- [ ] 4 cups boiling water
- [ ] 1 1/2 cups sugar
- [ ] 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
- [ ] 1 teaspoon quick-cooking tapioca
- [ ] 1 egg
- [ ] 2 teaspoons cold water
- [ ] 1 double-crust pie crust (9 inches)
- [ ] 1 tablespoon butter or margarine

## Directions

- [ ] Place the bottom pastry crust in a 9" pie tin and chill with pie weights for 30 minutes
- [ ] Parbake the bottom crust at 350°F for 20 minutes (note, leave oven on at 350 after cooking)
- [ ] Toss the rhubarb and strawberries in a bowl and add the boiling water; set aside.
- [ ] In a bowl, combine sugar, flour, habanero, and tapioca; mix like it's going out of style.
- [ ] Add drained rhubarb and strawberries; toss to coat. Let stand for 15 minutes.
- [ ] Beat egg and water; add to rhubarb mixture and mix it up.
- [ ] Add filling.
- [ ] Dot with butter.
- [ ] Cover with remaining pastry; flute edges.
- [ ] Cut slits in top crust.
- [ ] Bake at 400 degrees F for 15 minutes.
- [ ] Reduce heat to 350 degrees F
- [ ] bake 40-50 minutes longer or until crust is golden brown and filling is bubbly.
- [ ] Let stand for at least an hour
- [ ] Eat.
